{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Roboto-Light;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This form on the AlburyCity website gives \ul access to the maps\ulnone  with the specific area overlays that may be relevant to developments: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.alburycity.nsw.gov.au/forms/map-login-request"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Mapping Portal Access Request Form | AlburyCity}}
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
For the reference Legislation, we would suggest the students concentrate on \'91\ul Part 2, Division 1 General Exempt Development Code\'92\ulnone , and look for those specific examples we outlined (there is the option to view a pdf of each section at the top of each page section.
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In terms of \ul privacy\ulnone , it is likely that there wouldn\'92t be a requirement to collect/store personally identifiable information. It might be worth considering though, if the students deem that personal information is required that they go through the process of completing a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.oaic.gov.au/privacy/privacy-guidance-for-organisations-and-government-agencies/privacy-impact-assessments"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Privacy Impact Assessment}} \'96 at least that way the option is there if they choose. If the data is not stored as an address, e.g. the location is a lat/long reference based on the address just to reference the map, our IT team suggest that could be a way to reduce the risk.
\f1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In terms of the \ul development environment\ulnone , we have found it best for security and ongoing access to the challenge outcomes, if the development is inside our Github repository. Our IT department would need to sign off on the development stack of the projects, and the storage of the documentation would need to be considered as well. If you can send through the name, email, and students Github handles, I can get our IT setting up access. 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \'a0\

\f1 \

\f0 If the \'91agent\'92 is providing advice, i.e. your development is exempt or not, we will need to keep a record of that advice being given. The students will need to consider some type of log or record system of each enquiry.\
\
https://www.alburycity.nsw.gov.au/forms/map-login-request\
\
https://opendata.alburywodonga.gov.au/datasets/7453af7de1464ed0b7062aeaf5500a05_5/explore?location=-36.037244%2C146.955282%2C13.63\
}